This contract cannot be signed
Ye Huan, what are you up to?
You are just an ordinary employee
Even if you are my fiancé
It's not like you can call me today
Hongyan is great
I thought I would never see you again in my life
Mr. Ye admires self-respect
lie
Sorry.
I only now know that Qingqing is our child.
I know everything now.
You two have a baby?
That little bastard is yours
Mo Yan
I really didn't expect you to have a young English character
I read it wrong in college now.
What about your first love in college?
You would have dragged the bed into the museum long ago
And gave birth to a little wild species
You are not a wild breed
Han Yulong, don't think I don't know
What's your idea?
Don't think I don't know
Why did you marry me?
Get used to how he knows everything
This contract is because Hongyan saw my face
To sign
I didn't expect it to be a scam. Nonsense
wildflower
I heard you almost drowned today
Not dead yet
Push your stuff on your nose
After all, it is your Ye family who wants to climb up to me
Come here for winter vacation to make trouble
Why don't you want to? Well, tomorrow's engagement party
Do you still want to participate
Hanjiang, you scold me
You are crazy.
Vice President, this finance is already going through the account
It's too late for you to go back now
first ring
I mean it.
Beauty
Trust me.
Mr. Han, let me make a call first
The entire building has been blocked
I'll see what you do.
Hongyan, you can give this to me.
That's a rich family heirloom
It's worth 500 to you, what are you?
Is it worth selling you at that price?
first ring
To the vice president, don't let him be deceived
Ye Hua, what the hell are you doing?
You broke 5 million moment
Vice President, I told you
He's just here to make trouble.
Hongyan does her best
I will protect you in this life